I didn't expect the bookstore to get it like this
Lead our inner responders
Didn't they all get caught by the city guard general?
How could it be destiny
Maybe God is helping me
I said the Great Commander is the Son of Destiny
You will definitely bring your brothers to achieve your ideals
You also believe it's providence
Then what?
Yes, Commander
Why haven't I seen Mr. Ma Liang?
I haven't heard his broken mouth for a long time
I'm not used to it.
Look what this is.
May not come back
It turned out to be so
The son is careless
Bad luck, bad luck.
I'm an immortal and I'm not dead yet
Dude sophie
I'm back!
I think I'm hearing voices.
You heard right.
He's back!
Sophie bastard
Hahahaha
bastard
Why do you have to do something so dangerous?
Hey, okay, okay.
I'm back, aren't I?
I have to live for you alone
What do you mean?
You and others
It's shameful to dare not lead
The villain has a heart
I have to live a few more years for you
How many years?
Lifetime